About Dataset
Analyze the marketing spending.

1- Overall ROMI
2- ROMI by campaigns
3- Performance of the campaign depending on the date - on which date did we spend the most money on advertising, when we got the biggest revenue when conversion rates were high and low? What were the average order values?
4- When buyers are more active? What is the average revenue on weekdays and weekends?
5- Which types of campaigns work best - social, banner, influencer, or a search?
6- Which geo locations are better for targeting - tier 1 or tier 2 cities?

Column. Description
Date date of spending of the marketing budget
Campaign name description of campaign
Category type of marketing source
Campaign id unique identifier
Impressions number of times the ad has been shown
Mark. budget money spent on this campaign on this day
Clicks how many people clicked on a banner (=visited website)
Leads how many people signed up and left their credentials
Orders how many people paid for the product
Revenue how much money we earned

Clicks, Leads, orders, and revenue are calculated for a specific marketing campaign on a specific date. E.g. For the “facebook_tier1” marketing campaign on the 1st of February, we spent INR 7,307.37, got 148,263 impressions that converted to 1,210 clicks that in turn converted to 13 leads and 1 order. We earned INR 4,981.

This data reflects some facts about what happened - how much we spent, how much we earned, how customers behaved (who clicked on the ad banner, who signed up, who paid). Now we need to calculate marketing metrics that would help us evaluate if we did a good job or not and also identify some parameters of the campaign that would be important for analysis.
What are these metrics:

Return on marketing investment (ROMI)
Cost per click (CPC)
Cost per lead (CPL)
Customer acquisition cost (CAC)
Average order value (AOV)
Conversion rate 1
Conversion rate 2
These metrics are actionable and allow us not only to analyze but to make decisions and act to improve the business result.

Let’s dive deeper.

ROMI return on marketing investments, how effective is marketing
campaign, one metric that shows effectiveness of every rupee spent.
It is calculated ( Total earning (Revenue) - Marketing cost ) / Marketing cost )

Click-through rate(CTR). percentage of people who clicked at banner (Clicks/ Impressions)

Conversion 1 conversion from visitors to leads for this campaign (Leads/Click)

Conversion 2 conversion rate from leads to sales (Orders/Leads)

Average order value (AOV) Average order value for this campaign (Revenue/Number of Orders)

Cost per click (CPC) how much does it cost us to attract 1 click (on average)
(Marketing spending/Clicks)

Cost per lead (CPL) how much does it cost us to attract 1 lead (on average)
(Marketing spending/Leads)

Customer acquisition cost (CAC) -- how much does it cost us to attract 1 order (on average)
(marketing spend/ orders)
Gross profit Profit or loss after deducting marketing cost (Revenue-Marketing spending)

ROMI is the most important metric and it is used as the ultimate way to evaluate if the campaign is good or bad.

You can use this article to know more about marketing metrics.
https://www.owox.com/blog/articles/digital-marketing-metrics-and-kpis/